Add long options to programs besides telnet & ftp, especially the clients.
The conventions used by telnet & ftp should be followed.

Merge the functionality of Noah [Friedman]'s ftp client into ftp (readline
support, &c), and add readline to the distribution.

Merge changes between the bsd-lite-2 release (which is the latest bsd source
that this code is based on) and some recent version of netbsd.

Move the horrible mess of code from telnetd/sys_term.c into functions in
libinetutils using the BSD libutil functionality (such that they can be
elided if a system libutil exists); specifically:
    login  -- Frob utmp &c for a new login process
    logout -- Frob utmp &c for a newly logged out process
    openpty -- Find a free pty, allocate and set it up, and return it
    forkpty -- Calls openpty as well as forking a new process to use it
and the following functions not in BSD:
    cleanup_session -- More general cleanup for a newly logged out process
			(calls logout and logwtmp, frobs tty perms)
    setup_session -- More general setup for a new login process (calls login,
			frobs tty perms, ...?)
[logout and cleanup_session are written, but telnetd doesn't use them yet.]
Rlogind currently depends on having the BSD functions available, so it is
cleaner, if less portable than telnetd; once this cleanup is done, then
rlogind will more portable, and telnetd less messy.  This is already
partially done, but care is needed as sys_term.c does lots of stuff that I'm
not sure is needed, but might be.

Make sure that both sgtty and termios/termio are supported equally well in
all programs (currently only termios is really tested).

Add support for sysv-style ptys, whatever that is.

Supply versions of the rcmd functionality needed by the r* programs.

Supply a version of the syslog function for systems that don't have it.

Perhaps make ftp use no-uid support on the hurd.

More careful autoconfiscation -- many header files are included unconditionally
in a lot of places, even if an autoconf test is already done for them, &c.

Testing and debugging the encryption and authentication modes.

Add more utilities:
  Noah's rexec
  Ping (BSD ping fails utterly to compile; perhaps linux's is better)
  Tcpdump
  routed?
  ruptime?
  rusers?
  traceroute?
  ...
[Already in other distributions: finger/fingerd, ntp]
